# covid-19-mexico

This is a repository for data regarding the evolution of the COVID-19 epidemic in México. México's ministry of health dayly upgrades a database with information about every patient that is suspected of having COVID-19. The last database version (and many previous versions) can be found in this [link](https://www.gob.mx/salud/documentos/datos-abiertos-152127?fbclid=IwAR1oUGnRZs6eyYB-8g33lDeD4zq8DF2J4QckFRVZ8L-l6hedG8QcEqSYwGs). Unfortunatelly, the date of confirmation of positive cases is missing in such databases. Nonetheless, since every database record is identified with a unique id number from april 19th on, it is posible to add that information by comparing succesive database versions. I have done so, and produced a new database of confirmed cases in which a confirmadion-date column has been included for all cases confirmed from april 20th on. This database can be found in this repository under the name COVID19MEXICO-CONF.csv.

The time series of confirmed cases and deaths in México (organized according to the date of date of confirmation) can be found in several places. Among other the John Hopkins University repository. However, as far as I know, time series in which the data is organized accordindg to the date of symptoms onset are not available. Such time series (for the country and for all Mexican states) can be downloades from this repository. The corresponding files are confirmed-sympt-onset.csv and deaths-sympt-onset.csv.

All databases are updated dayly.